Change ports list && add Openstack security group rules (#3631)
ovh/docs: pages/platform/kubernetes-k8s/known-limits/guide.en-asia.md

- UDP Port 123 (*systemd-timesync*): needed to allow NTP servers synchronization
- TCP/UDP Port 53 (*systemd-resolve*): needed to allow domain name resolution
- TCP Port 111 (*rpcbind*): needed only if you want to use the NFS client deployed on nodes managed by OVHcloud

> - TCP Port 4443 (metrics server): needed to list the metrcis of the nodes and pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- TCP Port 4443 (metrics server): needed to list the metrics of the nodes and pods
```

### Ports to open from others worker nodes (INPUT/OUPUT)

- UDP Port 8472 (*flannel*): needed for communication between pods
- UDP Port 4789 (*kube-dns internal usage*): needed for DNS resolution between nodes
- TCP Port 10250 (*kubelet*): needed for [communication between apiserver and worker nodes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/architecture/master-node-communication/#apiserver-to-kubelet)

> ### Openstack security group point of view

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### About OpenStack security groups
```

> In case you want to add Openstack security group on your nodes, it is mendatory to add the above ports in the ruleset with `0.0.0.0/24 CIDR`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to apply OpenStack security groups onto your nodes, it is mandatory to add the above ports in a ruleset concerning the `0.0.0.0/24` CIDR.
```

> In Openstack terms

Reviewer: I think this paragraph could be removed, it should be evident for K8S customers gardening these rules, and even if not, they can find out in the official Security Group documentation you linked below.

- Input will be Ingress
- Output will be Egress

> [!warning]

> > If you remove the default rule accepting the input and output on all ip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you remove the default rules accepting all input and output
```

> > when creating a new security group ; be sure to add the port needed by your application in your rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> when creating a new security group, be sure to allow the ports needed by your application, as well as the mandatory ports mentioned above.
```

>

> [!info]

> > To simplify the management of the rules for your cluster internal network you can add theses rules :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In order to simplify your policy, you can add these rules which do not specify any port and will allow all internal traffic between pods and services within the cluster:
```
And you can remove the line 133 with this.
